you know NBA players and personalities
tend to be very active on Twitter and
while Twitter does give them an
opportunity to connect with their fans
it also opens them up to a lot of
criticism some people have no problem
tweeting terrible things to celebrities
and it can hurt so tonight we asked some
of the folks working in and around the
NBA to read some of the most unpleasant
tweets ever written about them for a
special NBA edition of mean tweets
[Music]
what's the difference between Ron Artest
and Metta World Peace nothing
they are both huge pieces of one of them
has anyone noticed that Chris Paul has
Michael Jackson's original nose is it me
or does rise around it look like that
turtle named Franklin or Nick Julia
[Laughter]
no Simmons looks like the type of guy
who will watch you sleeping
suck my duck Matt Barnes I think you
meant to say we're gonna Bella
right Bob Costas is a vampire mark my
words
Blake Griffin is still ugly oh wow who
was that from
andre igudala sucks gazelle remember
when Kobe Bryant used to dunk and it
wasn't a surprise every time he dunks
it's a big deal Greg Anthony looks like
a young person in costume as a
grandfather you and that Buick
commercial you know you don't fit in
that Buick let's go give me the Andre
Jordan doesn't look like he knows how to
read well I just read that
[Applause]
[Music]